I'm unna and I'm a florist I qualified
years ago in London and I set up here in
my current studio in 2014 the end of
originally I studied art and then
fashion and worked in that business and
then when I went up to London I worked
in property and I just wanted something
creative to do alongside the day job of
property so decided to go do a floristry
course got the bug and carried on from
there a favorite flower
yes garden roses which is what I tend to
specialize in using they're the scented
old english old-fashioned very fluffy
roses that would be found in a typical
English country garden how do I start I
will start with what we call a focal
flower which would be something like
your rose or if some people use lilies
that would be a focal flower so the
larger single headed flowers you tend to
start with because they are the focal
point you'd build it up with foliage and
then you would add in what we call
filler flowers so much smaller Bunch
spray roses tips off of there things
like that which would fill out the
arrangement things that stand out
perhaps if things have been a challenge
that I've had to come up with some
ingenious way of achieving the look that
the bride has asked for that I would be
pleased with and I will go away thinking
yes I've really you know I've sourced
the you know I managed to do that quite
well we had one the other day at the
crown Hotel in Blandford forum was where
they were having the reception and they
had just decorated they have a wedding
suite and they've just decorated it and
the bride wanted an internal floral arch
most of the arches I do are outside so
there's not too much issue but because
it was November she wanted it inside and
I wasn't allowed to attach anything to
the woodwork or the walls that obviously
would mess up the newly decorated rooms
and it was over a big double door and I
had to come up with an ingenious way of
having this arch floating appearing not
to be attached to anything and what I
ended up doing was
a wooden frame that actually sat on top
of the door architrave and then built it
up on that challenge well that was the
challenge yeah that had me scratching my
head for a couple of weeks until I
worked out how I could do it yes yeah I
think social media particularly for me
as a florist which is obviously very all
about visual is essential I I enjoy
actually doing social media I like
taking amateur photos myself and it
could be anything with me out dog
walking and I just happened to have seen
something pretty or a lovely view to
having just had to delivery a flower
and taking a quick snapshot of the
studio or us trying to do a wedding
where we might have five people here in
this small space more falling over each
other and take a silly photo of us sort
of fighting for space and trying to
create something but yes so everything
from Instagram Pinterest I tend not to
use Flickr and Tumblr so much now I
don't know how popular those are but
there used to be but Facebook and
Instagram particularly thank you very
much